---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2023 15wk
date: 2023-04-16
tags: weeklies
---

- The check-in with the dermatologist this week: they agree with Rheumatology that it was Steven's Johnsons triggered by EBV. I told the doctor about the research I had on covid re-activating EBV and she took notes and said it sounds reasonable this happened to me. 
- Having covid-related anything in 2023 means doing the reading, dot-connecting and advocating yourself. Have I mentioned this already?
- She, the dermatologist, also reminded me that something severe has happened to me: not only am I feeling the side-effects of coming off steroids—0mg as of Thursday—but I'm now finally feeling what I _actually_ feel like after having been very ill. She said be gentle to myself, **for a few more months**. Sigh.
- I saw the junior doctors striking and gave them my support.
- Being ill and being very much mostly at home alone is...it's not great. Have I mentioned this already?
- I meticulously descaled my kettle. Meticulously. 
- I made myself go out for a [book talk](https://twitter.com/TheTroubleClub/status/1646852525847453697) on Friday despite feeling ill, but at least off of steroids, and it was worth it. My first bit of real-life again! Saw other humans! Listened to an exuberant talk of history!
- A wind storm blew over my greenhouse and I lost half of my seedlings but was able to save the tomatoes. Sigh.
- I learned about the British horribly deporting children to other countries where many were abused and forced into labor as recently as 1970. The [film](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oranges_and_Sunshine), the [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Home_Children). 
- Off the steroids, besides general weakness, stiffness, headaches, dizziness and nausea, I can't stop crying. My body stopped making things to help me through life since the steroids were doing it. And none of my Life Admin has lightened up; there's much to stress about. Sigh.
- I went to the pharmacy to buy vitamins, hoping to prop myself up a little. Taking a long time and with an armful of boxes the pharmacist came over to offer me help and I cried there in the pharmacy that I just want to _feel ok. She was a pleasant woman who called me _young_ a few times, she told me I'd be ok but I know she doesn't actually know.  
- I'm finally [reading](/reading) _Crying in H Mart_, which I'd avoided because I heard it was a tear-jerker, and well, I might as well indulge now. I was crying by page 20. 
- I hope next week that this bag o' bones will produce some cortisol on its own.
