---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2023 8wk
date: 2023-02-27
tags: weeklies
---

- I went to visit a friend who recently moved out of the city to a place called **Orpington** which means *connected to Orped's settlement*—I love [English place names](http://kepn.nottingham.ac.uk/map/place/Kent/Orpington)! We ate snacks and watched crime documentaries and it was the best! I rarely get this kind of easy hangout time as a single person who lives alone and doesn't have a ton of friends in the new country she moved herself to in a pandemic. 
- Entering in my 12th (and therefore last?) post-covid week, feeling better and better but I still need a lot of sleep. I also still have a couple of non-covid things to deal with so don't worry, plenty for me to still stress about.
- I was sick all of December holidays so I'm really ready for (but haven't planned) some time off while being mostly well!
- Oh! I went to see [Bernie Sanders give a talk](https://twitter.com/southbankcentre/status/1628881380330377217) about his new book, _It's OK to be Angry about Capitalism_, which was a double treat because [Emma Dabiri](https://twitter.com/EmmaDabiri) was the interviewer. Possibly I was in the lift with Jeremy Corbyn as well but we'll never know. 
- Long Tailed Tits visited my garden, incredible! I tried to get photos but just managed feeder-shots which is _ok_. 
- Farming update: tomato seedlings are thriving. Only one was a dud and didn't germinate properly. Poppies didn't germinate great but yarrow did! A couple more flowers starting to come up. In March I can start off some more! 
- The start of the week was pretty sad and lonely but it got better.  