---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2023 9wk
date: 2023-03-06
tags: weeklies
---

- It's amazing what better health and more time spent with humans can do for one's spirit! 
- I got nerd snipped and spent a lot of time on Ancestry solving a mystery on my Dad's side of the family. I want to share with you some absolute **gems** of names in my family (we're Georgia country folk): *Sela, Alanson, Reather, Elco, Dama, Iola, Iner, Mabelle, Mozelle, Nettie, Bertie Lou, Lula, Lige*. I could go on; the last one is my Grandaddy. My grandparents' generation and up were 7+ kid families, there's a lot of names. 
- I volunteered at Southbank Centre to help sort their archive of event posters! I am lucky I came across the event page when cruising their site earlier in the week because this event was made for me! I've found my volunteer calling and learned that many other places also need volunteers to help with archives. Let me at 'em!
- I went to a bookbinding workshop that was wonderful and at a fabric goods shop, [East London Cloth](https://eastlondoncloth.co.uk/), I'd admired and it was so much fun! I almost made a friend, too. A very local one! But I failed at sealing the deal, again, because I didn't get the right _vibes_. I don't think people expect others to be out there _picking up_ friends, but that's what I am trying at!
- Had a small breakdown about the life admin that won't let up in my life; wrote a sternly worded email to an estate agent.
- This was supposedly my last week of post-covid recovery. 12 pretty tough weeks, but it could have been a lot worse. Symptoms are now mostly diminished (though not completely gone), the biggest shift was after week 10. **Wear a fucking mask** and let us have boosters, Prime minister!  








