---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2023 12wk
date: 2023-03-27
tags: weeklies
---

- Tuesday evening I'm discharged. The secondary rash was improving, no more spreading of the original rash and my bloodwork had normalized to a satisfactory level. We still didn't know what was wrong with me, though, so I was going home merely to continue the waiting amongst my own things.
- My things! A friend met me at the hospital and went home with me, we ordered takeaway and my other friend (and neighbor) had cleaned my kitchen and taken out the rubbish for me. So lucky. 
- I have a Steroid Dependent Adult Card so that if something happens to me people know I need my steroids. I am in charge of taking them myself, which is a little scary, but at least it's just once a day. 
- I am very bad at resting. Especially at home. Once I had some clothes and had checked on my tomatoes I kind of wanted to go back to hospital. 
- I tried to rest though, I did. But I also did about 10 loads of laundry and kept my bedroom and kitchen very clean. And I took care of the seedlings, taking them outside for spells to harden them up. 
- My tomatoes are quite leggy, if I'd not been ill and away I'd have pinched some leaves but I think they'll be ok. 
- I [read](/reading) _Heartburn_ by Nora Ephron. It is _so_ of its time. What a world that was, the 80s! It actually felt a little gross from here in 2023. It was a good read for convalescing though. I cannot believe there was a "shuttle" airplane between NYC and DC that you could just walk on to and buy your ticket from the seat. 
- Then I [read](/reading) another Agatha Christie novel. I've just started on her this year and my favorite bit is how wicked Poirot is!
- It's actually quite hard to monitor for a spreading rash when 80% of your body is sill marked by an older rash.
- It took about 3 days before I started eating my feelings again. 
- My feelings are that it's been a long slog of illness and I'm still in the middle of this leg since we don't know what's wrong and I'm just propped up on steroids for now. 
- How fit do you need to be so that potential mates don't notice you're covered in purple spots?
- My right eye feels funny. I've not googled all the details about these steroids yet. 
- I saw a double rainbow, it was so near and vivid, it made me feel in awe for a moment. Then the moment passed. 
- I'm going to try to return to work tomorrow.  
