---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2023 16wk
date: 2023-04-25
tags: weeklies
---

- I felt so much more like myself this week. The effects of weaning off the steroids having tettered off. I won't indulge in too much jubilation, [7 weeks ago when I last celebrated better health](/posts/2023-09), I shortly thereafter ended up far worse off. 
- The isolation of illness, singleness, newness to a country and remote work has been compounded by chaos at work leaving me on a team of 1 (for now). So little human interaction across the board. I found it really difficult to use my brain and to work this week. 
- But, I did some normal life things! I am trying to book in as many as I can now, in a reasonable way, so that I have something to sustain me should things get worse again.  
- I went to a climate protest and walked around a nice neighborhood and went a couple-friend's place for dinner. I had coffee with a new friend!
- I'm [reading](/reading) _Arrangements in Blue_ by Amy Key and never have I felt so _seen_. Adult singleness articulated so well. Also, Joni Mitchell. 
- I've stayed away from Instagram for months now, the happy posts of people not ill and people not alone had not been great for my health. But I came back to [post a bit about my health](https://www.instagram.com/p/CrYCsJitauZ/), now that I'm on the other side of recent ailments and learned about other friends struggling with covid and other long term illnesses. I'm glad I  shared (but sad we have to deal with these things).