---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2023 14wk
date: 2023-04-11
tags: weeklies
draft: false
---

> _England is never vulgar. I tis conventional, but not vulgar. Because it is sad it is never coarse._ — Natalia Ginzburg

> _Indeed nothing in the world is sadder than an English vonversation, in which everyone is careful to keep superficialities and never touch on anything essential._ — Natalia Ginzburg

- **My biopsies came back!** The doctor says I had Stevens Johnsons Syndrome (I'll let you Google it), as they originally thought. An whole-body immune response to, in my case, a virus, in my case, unknown, which occurs in 1-2 people per million. It feels really good to get some information!
- They took my stitches out, the ones I had for the biopsy spots, the first stitches in my body!
- I'm weaning off the steroids which is going pretty well though the second day on a new, lower dose gives me a bad night of sleep. In 3 more days I'll be done! I feel much more like myself as a person rather than a person _on drugs_.
- I am [reading](/reading) _The Little Virtues_ by Natalia Ginzberg, my fourth (?) of hers. I love her writing. I love her pace, her characters. Earlier this year I read _All Our Yesterdays_ which is now my favourite book. Anyway, she lived in London for a time it turns out and had some things to say about it.
- **Thank goodness for a sunny four-day weekend**. I perfected Milk Beach's sweet potato puree and [baked egg in a jam jar](https://www.instagram.com/p/CcHzmYkgOp4/?hl=en); oof it's so good. 



