---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2023 33wk
date: 2023-08-21
tags: weeklies
draft: false
---

- Had private dermatologist appointment—she was incredible. After weeks and weeks now of not being able to get ahold of a doctor it was incredible to sit face to face with one. It took 7 or so weeks to book this appointment though so I didn't actually have any more dermatological symptoms to show. 
- But she was so understanding and said my situation this year was _harrowing_. She commended the research I've done, documents I've collated or created and doctors that I've spoken to. She was shocked how little attention I'm getting from the NHS right now. 
- Related, I found out the NHS didn't prescribe me enough steroids to make it to my next check-in so I've just had to decrease my dose myself. I tried to call and talk to someone about it but that of course was fruitless. 
- The side-effects of decreasing suck.
- I also can't get ahold of my GP to extend my sick leave. It's hard to explain how it feels to be ill for so long, on your own, and despite doing everything you're supposed to do and can do, not only having doctors out of reach but making things worse. 
- I'm going to go back to Georgia for a couple of weeks to have my family look after me as I (presumably) start officially weaning off the steroids after the 25th. 
- My old landlord's wife stepped in and paid back my deposit in full. My landlord—who breached our contract in 2 major ways—called me—who despite _everything_ else going on, breached nothing—"nasty" for holding him to the terms of our contract. And he still got off easy as I could have claimed up to 3x the deposit for his breaches.
- Good-riddance! Finally he's out of my life and I'm fully my own landlord now. 
- I've decide to re-commit myself to English football this season. I bought a membership to Brentford FC. Bees!
- I went to my new local pub (3 min walk!) to be brave and watch a football match on my own (not only is it complicated to watch them at home here because of channel subscriptions but not even all pubs have the subscriptions either). The night ended with staff having to kick a guy out for being creepy to me and a bartender walking me home. 
- Can I catch a break, please?