---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2023 25wk
date: 2023-06-27
tags: weeklies
draft: false
---

- I wrote but forgot to publish last-last week's! And I'm writing last week's on a Tuesday! I don't care. Life is a lot. I don't feel great!
- About 2 days after coming off the 5 days steroid course my allergic reaction has gotten worse. I was supposed to be referred to a consultant in "Allergies and Immunology" and the doctor I was referred to didn't want to meet face to face so just called me and after I told him everything he told me he considered himself _more of an allergist_ and I should definitely see an immunologist (and dermatologist). So another week+ lost, back at square one.
- I went to a book talk with [Brandon Taylor](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62698529-the-late-americans). I love writers!
- On Wednesday the sellers of my flat had an electrician come round and install basic light fittings so now I properly have a flat! Then I had a lovely dinner in Camden with girlfriends.
- My landlord listed my flat immediately upon my notice and **raised the rent £550**. He does not deserve it, he is shite. And I'm so sad that I've trigged this instance of the crap London rental situation.
- Two of my 5 friends here have gotten their second bout of Covid in the last couple of weeks. Don't love that!
- I've postponed my Covid vaccine indefinitely right now as my body is clearly still having an immune response and who knows what the vaccine will do on top of that. 
- I am going to try very hard to stay well enough to move on the 14th. 
- I went to [Burnt City](https://www.theburntcity.com/), which is like Sleep No More in NYC (which I went to and loved years ago) and it was so good! **It means so much to me that a spooky, quiet place filled with vignettes and ephemera exists**. But I won't do a crowded inside thing again until after the 14th.