---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2023 23wk
date: 2023-06-12
tags: weeklies
draft: false
---


- I'm awful at posting these on Sunday.
- It's outrageous that it's mid June.
- This week's checkup at the hospital: friend got sick and couldn't go with me in the end but I'd spent all week glad that I'd gotten a friend to go with me and it was going to make things so much better and isn't it nice to have friends and I'll be ok and not so alone in this life. Anyway. This doctor had more time for me which was an improvement but not much to say to make me feel better: Keep itching and come back in a month. 
- They just want to treat the acute issue (allergic reaction to medication) but it's the underlying immune dysfunction—its depravity, its longevity—that I'm interested in.
- I itch a lot. I have a itching-chopstick now.
- I did another workshop at the [London Centre for Book Arts](https://londonbookarts.org/). I love everyone there and I love making things even though my heart stops because I'm so focused on making things perfectly and I don't breath normally and I get really exhausted from not having oxygen and being so stressed.
- Geeze, it's hard for me to even have fun or relax!
- I am very stressed at work. There's still no movement on the flat I'm buying (hello, month NINE). I was forced to communicate and schedule with my landlord (a right dingus) this week. 
- I started therapy again. Fingers crossed this lady won't have so much gossipy commentary like the last woman I tried here who said, "I can see that," when I told her I was surprise-dumped and the guy said I "get too excited over little things, it's weird".