---
layout: posts.njk
title: 2024 42wk
date: 2024-10-20
tags: weeklies
draft: false
---

- Hello, again. 
- I stopped posting nearly a year ago because the posts were really quite depressing (as chronic illness and extreme isolation are wont to do) and because I suspected that the medical leave insurance I had, meant to help compensate for unpaid medical leave periods, would think that if I could post a little blog then I could work and therefore not cover the time I had to take off of work to recover from the hospitalisations and medications for Long Covid. 
- And I was correct, they said I wasn’t sick enough (the joys of being early Long Covid and its broad understanding) and did not cover my extended, unpaid leave. 
- I returned to work at the beginning of this year. It was difficult, for many reasons, so in August I quit full stop. 
- I am one of the many not in the workforce due to Long Covid. I’m extremely lucky my situation is not as bad as it could be and that I can afford to take some time off. I’m not sure when I’ll return to a job, though I do know that what I want in a workplace has changed a lot. 
- So far I’ve just let myself _be_. To let the stress from working while ill become a memory mentally and physically. 
- The ideal scenario being that less stress, healthier food and more activity (as I am able) helps my immune system heal. This would mean I could come off of immune suppressants sooner (my doctors now say it will take years) and not worry as much about increased vulnerability or what will send me to hospital next. 
- I also hope to now have the bandwidth to do the research myself that is necessary when one has Long Covid in 2024.
- I will keep this short-ish but hope to post more in general. Stay safe out there, [the pandemic](https://www.berlinbuyersclub.com/whati-is-long-covid) [is ongoing](https://x.com/Derek_a_Franks/status/1838936498793525665).    legally no one deserves it unless they are trying to kill you